#BackendModule
app/code/community/German/LocalePackDe                        app/code/community/German/LocalePackDe
app/etc/modules/German_LocalePackDe.xml                       app/etc/modules/German_LocalePackDe.xml
app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/localepackde.xml  app/design/adminhtml/default/default/layout/localepackde.xml


#Downloader
downloader/template_de_1.5  downloader/template_de_1.5
downloader/template_de_1.7  downloader/template_de_1.7


#Misc
js/german/localepackde/setup.js     js/german/localepackde/setup.js

#TinyMCE
js/tiny_mce/langs/de.js                                 js/tiny_mce/langs/de.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/langs/de_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/advhr/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/langs/de_dlg.js            js/tiny_mce/plugins/advimage/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/langs/de_dlg.js             js/tiny_mce/plugins/advlink/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/autosave/langs/de.js                js/tiny_mce/plugins/autosave/langs/de.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/emotions/langs/de_dlg.js            js/tiny_mce/plugins/emotions/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/langs/de_dlg.js            js/tiny_mce/plugins/fullpage/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/media/langs/de_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/media/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/langs/de_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/paste/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/langs/de_dlg.js       js/tiny_mce/plugins/searchreplace/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/style/langs/de_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/style/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/table/langs/de_dlg.js               js/tiny_mce/plugins/table/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/template/langs/de_dlg.js            js/tiny_mce/plugins/template/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/plugins/xhtmlxtras/langs/de_dlg.js          js/tiny_mce/plugins/xhtmlxtras/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/de.js                 js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/de.js
js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/de_dlg.js             js/tiny_mce/themes/advanced/langs/de_dlg.js
js/tiny_mce/themes/simple/langs/de.js                   js/tiny_mce/themes/simple/langs/de.js


#LocalePack Translation
app/locale/de_DE/German_LocaleDe.csv app/locale/de_DE/German_LocaleDe.csv
app/locale/en_US/German_LocaleDe.csv app/locale/en_US/German_LocaleDe.csv
app/locale/es_ES/German_LocaleDe.csv app/locale/es_ES/German_LocaleDe.csv
app/locale/fr_FR/German_LocaleDe.csv app/locale/fr_FR/German_LocaleDe.csv
app/locale/pt_PT/German_LocaleDe.csv app/locale/pt_PT/German_LocaleDe.csv


#Adminhtml und Default Theme

#CoreTranslation

#Email templates



# Clear the cache
#@shell   rm -rf $PROJECT/var/cache/* && echo "Magento Cache cleared"
